time for talking now and the real who's
any performance by Northstar last night
or was it ever it was the tremendous
game and I walked out after the game
with joins a nice and courts in the
first time in the history of knowing the
gentleman he couldn't speak he was
shattered and it was a tremendous result
they were to kneel down and good
integers of 1/2 times 4 is 2 1
tremendous result by North Star and
maybe their luck has changed even as
Frank little said last week that would
they were the class himself is lucky but
here's highlights here and they as I
said they went and this went into a
quick curve one goal it here with Wayne
Corbett as a tremendous short and it's
parried by an O Lord an easy easy thing
there for Jim McDonough I thought maybe
a lot I could have punched it but
there's a spoke to him afterwards it was
just as you see he was off balance and
he stopped parry that and it was easy
for of Jim it don't hurt to put it away
I have you see there the number for
Billy Williams limping about there and
unfortunately bill had to come up with a
very bad day calf muscle problem it
comes up the second goal good work here
by Reebok just keeps her up there a nice
not scared there by students goes up to
formal onus it's a little hop to plenty
room to run off has a head deflected a
little bit but what a nice little header
there by Reebok
who had started at night so fight and
Nellie was finishing it off but just I
think it touched off the number seven
Jerry Lindsay and then goes Reebok over
the 19 foot tall no Lord and to the top
of the net a good goal that was to nail
up and everybody thought that was
curtains for North Star but this is my
now and Marley had a lot to say about
that here again we see Allen in their
lobster ball nice square there up those
Jerry Lindsay again film all be takes up
position puzzle the top hits the ball
and a lovely flying head of their violin
mother you would never see a goal like
that anywhere you'd have to go a long
long way Eddie goes hits it and there
goes the flying Marley just a nice
delicate touch and I'm Mark Davis had
absolutely no chance whatsoever to get
it it was to one right on and hears them
all these special bends around the wall
into the net too old two minutes later
what was the eventual winner Lindsay oh
dear
packet comes Stevie roll looked up there
too rotten Buckhannon written across
seven of these written across he knocks
at bike and I and another delicate chip
from that man moldy and that was three
two and as I said the eastern suburbs
team were absolutely shattered and every
right to be because the team to nail up
should never lose a game we go to a bank
now and after I break we'll be back with
problem but more action